content/library.md, before:

---
title: "Library"
draft: false

---

## Welcome to my library!

Here you will find books I've read across many years, some good and some not so good.  Below I will share the Title, Author, and thoughts on some books, but maybe not others. Don't forget you can drop down the **Table of Contents** above to quickly find the topics that interest you the most.  You can also check out my profile on [goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/27470732-bradley-harr).

## Currently Reading
***

### Fiction

| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![The Persian Gamble](/img/library/persian_gamble.jpg)| The Persian Gamble | Joel Rosenberg | Second in the Marcus Ryker series. Excellent read and continued perfectly from the first book of this series, ***"The Kremlin Conspiracy"*** |
| ![Master & Apprentice](/img/library/master_and_apprentice.jpg)| Master & Apprentice | Claudia Gray | No comments. |

### Non-Fiction

| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Revealing Revelation](/img/library/revealing_revelation.jpg)| Revealing Revelation | Amir Tsarfati | Great read from Amir!  This book and the workbook that goes with it is the best I've ever seen for providing a real, in-depth study of the book of Revelation. |
| ![101 Answers to Questions About Satan, Demons, and Spiratual Warfare](/img/library/101_answers_about_satan.jpg)| 101 Answers to Questions About Satan, Demons, and Spiratual Warfare | Mark Hitchcock | Very insightful answers to many questions one might have about Satan and his attacks on believers and non-believers alike. |
| ![Global Reset](/img/library/global_reset.jpg)| Global Reset: Do Worldwide Events Point to the Antichrist and His Worldwide Empire | Mark Hitchcock | Truly amazing to look around at the world we live in today and see how everything is falling into place for Christ's return when you look at everything from a Biblical world view. |


## Read
***

### General Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![A Pirate Looks at Fifty](/img/library/pirate.jpg) | A Pirate Looks at Fifty | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments. |
| ![Tales from Margaritaville](/img/library/margaritaville.jpg) | Tales from Margaritaville | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments. |
| ![Where is Joe Merchant?](/img/library/joe_merchant.jpg) | Where is Joe Merchant? | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments.|
| ![Witness to a Trial](/img/library/witness_to_a_trial.jpg) | Witness to a Trial | John Grisham | Prequel to **The Whistler** |
| ![Where the Crawdads Sing](/img/library/crawdads.jpg) | Where the Crawdads Sing | Delia Owens | Saw the movie first and then read the book.  Both were great and had only minor differences. |
| ![Chriss Cross](/img/library/criss_cross.jpg) | Criss Cross | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Whistler](/img/library/whistler.jpg) | The Whistler | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Summer of Night](/img/library/summer_of_night.jpg) | Summer of Night | Dan Simmons | This was a book I read in middle school for fun and then re-read as an adult.  I remembered liking it as a kid, but as an adult I realized that it wasn't as well written as I had thought and was full of bad language and not something I would recommend. |
| ![Hound of the Baskervilles](/img/library/hound_of_the_baskervilles.jpg) | Hound of the Baskervilles | Sir Arthur Conan Doyle | One of my favorite classics. I first saw the a live play based on the story at **The Barter Theatre** in Abingdon, VA. then knew I had to read the book. |
| ![Rogue Lawyer](/img/library/rogue_lawyer.jpg) | Rogue Lawyer | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Sycamore Row](/img/library/sycamore_row.jpg) | Sycamore Row | John Grisham | Really enjoyed this read. |
| ![A Salty Piece of Land](/img/library/salty_land.jpg) | A Salty Piece of Land | Jimmy Buffett | Great book from singer / songwriter / author, Jimmy Buffett. |
| ![Silent Enemy](/img/library/silent_enemy.jpg) | Silent Enemy | Tom Young | This is the second book I read from this author and it was also very good. |
| ![Dawn of the Vampire](/img/library/dawn_of_the_vampire.jpg) | Dawn of the Vampire | William Hill | This is a book about vampires set in my hometown of Bristol, TN. written by a local author. |
| ![Mullah's Storm](/img/library/mullahs_storm.jpg) | Mullah's Storm | Tom Young | This was a book I picked up for $1 at The Dollar Tree that ended up being very good. |
| ![Guilty Wives](/img/library/guilty_wives.jpg) | Guilty Wives | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Postman Always Rings Twice](/img/library/postman.jpg) | The Postman Always Rings Twice | James M. Cain | No Comments. |
| ![Concrete Blonde](/img/library/concrete_blonde.jpg) | Concrete Blonde | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Reversal](/img/library/reversal.jpg) | Reversal | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Fifth Witness](/img/library/fifth_witness.jpg) | The Fifth Witness | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Void Moon](/img/library/void_moon.jpg) | Void Moon | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Black Ice](/img/library/black_ice.jpg) | Black Ice | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Brass Verdict](/img/library/the_brass_verdict.jpg) | The Brass Verdict | Michael Connelly| No Comments. |
| ![The Chamber](/img/library/the_chamber.jpg) | The Chamber | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Beach Road](/img/library/beach_road.jpg) | Beach Road | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![Honeymoon](/img/library/honeymoon.jpg) | Honeymoon | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![6th Target](/img/library/sixth_target.jpg) | 6th Target | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![5th Horseman](/img/library/fifth_horseman.jpg) | 5th Horseman | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![3rd Degree](/img/library/third_degree.jpg) | 3rd Degree | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![4th of July](/img/library/fourth_of_july.jpg) | 4th of July | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![2nd Chance](/img/library/second_chance.jpg) | 2nc Chance | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Bone Collector](/img/library/the_bone_collector.jpg) | The Bone Collector | Jeffrey Deaver | Really good book and a great movie starring Denzel Washington. |
| ![A Time to Kill](/img/library/a_time_to_kill.jpg) | A Time to Kill | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Playing for Pizza](/img/library/playing_for_pizza.jpg) | Playing for Pizza | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Calico Joe](/img/library/calico_joe.jpg) | Calico Joe | John Grisham | Really enjoyed this book. |
| ![The Confession](/img/library/the_confession.jpg) | The Confession | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Appeal](/img/library/the_appeal.jpg) | The Appeal | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Beach House](/img/library/beach_house.jpg) | The Beach House | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Last Juror](/img/library/last_juror.jpg) | The Last Juror | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The King of Torts](/img/library/king_of_torts.jpg) | The King of Torts | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Broker](/img/library/the_broker.jpg) | The Broker | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Chasing the Dime](/img/library/chasing_the_dime.jpg) | Chasing the Dime | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Black Echo](/img/library/black_echo.jpg) | The Black Echo | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Lincoln Lawyer](/img/library/lincoln_lawyer.jpg) | The Lincoln Lawyer | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Judge and Jury](/img/library/judge_and_jury.jpg) | Judge and Jury | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![1st to Die](/img/library/first_to_die.jpg) | 1st To Die | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![Runaway Jury](/img/library/runaway_jury.jpg) | Runaway Jury | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Treasure Island](/img/library/treasure_island.jpg) | Treasure Island | Robert Louis Stevenson | A classic. |

### Christian Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![The Kremlin Conspiracy](/img/library/kremlin_conspiracy.jpg) | The Kremlin Conspiracy | Joel Rosenberg | Book 1 of the Marcus Ryker Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![Operation Joktan](/img/library/operation_joktan.jpg) | Operation Joktan | Amir Tsarfati | This is the second in the first fiction series by Amir.  I enjoyed this one more than ***"By Way of Deception"*** |
| ![By Way of Deception](/img/library/by_way_of_deception.jpg) | By Way of Deception | Amir Tsarfati | This was Amir's first attempt at a Fiction novel.  It's worth the read and definitely make sure you check out the next book in the series as well. |
| ![Without Warning](/img/library/without_warning.jpg) | Without Warning | Joel Rosenberg | Book 3 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![The First Hostage](/img/library/first_hostage.jpg) | The First Hostage | Joel Rosenberg | Book 2 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![The Third Target](/img/library/third_target.jpg) | The Third Target | Joel Rosenberg | Book 1 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![Left Behind](/img/library/left_behind.jpg) | Left Behind | Tim LaHaye | Great fiction book that sheds light on the true reality of what will occur after the Rapture of the church during the seven year tribulation. |
| ![Three](/img/library/three.jpg) | Three | Ted Dekker | No Comments. |


### Science Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Kenobi](/img/library/kenobi.jpg)| Kenobi | John Jackson Miller | Good read, but not my favorite in the **"Star Wars"** series of books.  This one is a bit slower, in my opinion, than some others. |
| ![Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith](/img/library/revenge_of_the_sith.jpg) | Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith | Matthew | Excellent book in the **Star Wars** series. |
| ![Lost Stars](/img/library/lost_stars.jpg) | Lost Stars | Claudia Gray | Excellent book in the **Star Wars** series. |

### General Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Gun for Hire](/img/library/gun_for_hire.jpg) | Gun for Hire: The Soldier of Fortune Killings | Clifford L. Linedecker | This story hit a little close to home. Occurances in this story were regional to my hometown. |

### Christian Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![The Screwtape Letters](/img/library/screwtape.jpg) | The Screwtape Letters | C.S. Lewis| Excellent book that discusses how Demons impact the lives of believers and non-believers alike. |
| ![Mere Christianity](/img/library/mere_christianity.jpg) | Mere Christianity | C.S. Lewis | Great book on the basics of Christianity. |
| ![The Case for Christ](/img/library/case_for_christ.jpg) | The Case for Christ | Lee Strobel | This is a great book about a man who sets out to disprove Christianity and instead becomes a believer. |

### Business Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Relentless](/img/library/relentless.jpg) | Relentless: The Power You Need to Never Give Up | John Bevere | No Comments. |
| ![Fish](/img/library/fish.jpg) | Fish: A Proven Way to Boost Morale and Improve Results | Ken Blanchard | No Comments. |
| ![Crucial Conversations](/img/library/crucial_conversations.jpg) | Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes are High | Stephen R. Covey | No Comments. |
| ![Now, Discover Your Strengths](/img/library/now_discover_your_strengths.jpg) | Now, Discover Your Strengths | Marcus Buckingham | No Comments. |
| ![The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership](/img/library/21_laws_of_leadership.jpg) | The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership | John C. Maxwell | No Comments. |
| ![Leadership Challenge](/img/library/leadership_challenge.jpg) | Leadership Challenge | James M. Kouzes | No Comments. |
| ![Strengths Based Leadership](/img/library/strengths_based_leadership.jpg) | Strengths Based Leadership | Tom Rath | No Comments.|
| ![Gung Ho!](/img/library/gung_ho.jpg) | Gung Ho! | Kenneth H. Blanchard | No comments. |
| ![Strengths Finder 2.0](/img/library/strengths_finder.jpg) | Strengths Finder 2.0 | Tom Rath | This was a book that I read as part of my MBA program. |
| ![Onward](/img/library/onward.jpg) | Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul | Howard Schultz | This was an excellent book that I can highly recommend.  I really enjoyed it. |
| ![The World is Flat](/img/library/world_flat.jpg) | The World is Flat | Thomas L. Friedman | This was a book I read for my MBA program about how technology has flattened the landscape of the business world. |
| ![The Five Dysfunctions of a Team](/img/library/5_dysfunctions.jpg) | The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable | Patrick Lencioni | I recall this being a good book that I read for business and also enjoyed. |
| ![Good to Great](/img/library/good_to_great.jpg) | Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap and Others Don't | James C. Collins | No Comments. |
| ![The One Minute Manager](/img/library/one_min_mgr.jpg) | The One Minute Manager | Kenneth H. Blanchard | No Comments. |
| ![The Goal](/img/library/the_goal.jpg) | The Goal | Eliyahu M. Goldratt | This was a book I once had to read for work, but it ended up actually being a very interesteing read.  I would recommend it. |
| ![Who Moved My Cheese](/img/library/who_moved_my_cheese.jpg) | Who Moved My Cheese | Spencer Johnson | A book about how to handle change. |
| ![The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People](/img/library/7_habits.jpg) | The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People | Stephen R. Covey | No comments. |

Commit message:

adding spiritual warfare in marriage to library

content/library.md, after:

---
title: "Library"
draft: false

---

## Welcome to my library!

Here you will find books I've read across many years, some good and some not so good.  Below I will share the Title, Author, and thoughts on some books, but maybe not others. Don't forget you can drop down the **Table of Contents** above to quickly find the topics that interest you the most.  You can also check out my profile on [goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/27470732-bradley-harr).

## Currently Reading
***

### Fiction

| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![The Persian Gamble](/img/library/persian_gamble.jpg)| The Persian Gamble | Joel Rosenberg | Second in the Marcus Ryker series. Excellent read and continued perfectly from the first book of this series, ***"The Kremlin Conspiracy"*** |
| ![Master & Apprentice](/img/library/master_and_apprentice.jpg)| Master & Apprentice | Claudia Gray | No comments. |

### Non-Fiction

| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Revealing Revelation](/img/library/revealing_revelation.jpg)| Revealing Revelation | Amir Tsarfati | Great read from Amir!  This book and the workbook that goes with it is the best I've ever seen for providing a real, in-depth study of the book of Revelation. |
| ![101 Answers to Questions About Satan, Demons, and Spiratual Warfare](/img/library/101_answers_about_satan.jpg)| 101 Answers to Questions About Satan, Demons, and Spiratual Warfare | Mark Hitchcock | Very insightful answers to many questions one might have about Satan and his attacks on believers and non-believers alike. |
| ![Global Reset](/img/library/global_reset.jpg)| Global Reset: Do Worldwide Events Point to the Antichrist and His Worldwide Empire | Mark Hitchcock | Truly amazing to look around at the world we live in today and see how everything is falling into place for Christ's return when you look at everything from a Biblical world view. |


## Read
***

### General Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![A Pirate Looks at Fifty](/img/library/pirate.jpg) | A Pirate Looks at Fifty | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments. |
| ![Tales from Margaritaville](/img/library/margaritaville.jpg) | Tales from Margaritaville | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments. |
| ![Where is Joe Merchant?](/img/library/joe_merchant.jpg) | Where is Joe Merchant? | Jimmy Buffett | No Comments.|
| ![Witness to a Trial](/img/library/witness_to_a_trial.jpg) | Witness to a Trial | John Grisham | Prequel to **The Whistler** |
| ![Where the Crawdads Sing](/img/library/crawdads.jpg) | Where the Crawdads Sing | Delia Owens | Saw the movie first and then read the book.  Both were great and had only minor differences. |
| ![Chriss Cross](/img/library/criss_cross.jpg) | Criss Cross | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Whistler](/img/library/whistler.jpg) | The Whistler | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Summer of Night](/img/library/summer_of_night.jpg) | Summer of Night | Dan Simmons | This was a book I read in middle school for fun and then re-read as an adult.  I remembered liking it as a kid, but as an adult I realized that it wasn't as well written as I had thought and was full of bad language and not something I would recommend. |
| ![Hound of the Baskervilles](/img/library/hound_of_the_baskervilles.jpg) | Hound of the Baskervilles | Sir Arthur Conan Doyle | One of my favorite classics. I first saw the a live play based on the story at **The Barter Theatre** in Abingdon, VA. then knew I had to read the book. |
| ![Rogue Lawyer](/img/library/rogue_lawyer.jpg) | Rogue Lawyer | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Sycamore Row](/img/library/sycamore_row.jpg) | Sycamore Row | John Grisham | Really enjoyed this read. |
| ![A Salty Piece of Land](/img/library/salty_land.jpg) | A Salty Piece of Land | Jimmy Buffett | Great book from singer / songwriter / author, Jimmy Buffett. |
| ![Silent Enemy](/img/library/silent_enemy.jpg) | Silent Enemy | Tom Young | This is the second book I read from this author and it was also very good. |
| ![Dawn of the Vampire](/img/library/dawn_of_the_vampire.jpg) | Dawn of the Vampire | William Hill | This is a book about vampires set in my hometown of Bristol, TN. written by a local author. |
| ![Mullah's Storm](/img/library/mullahs_storm.jpg) | Mullah's Storm | Tom Young | This was a book I picked up for $1 at The Dollar Tree that ended up being very good. |
| ![Guilty Wives](/img/library/guilty_wives.jpg) | Guilty Wives | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Postman Always Rings Twice](/img/library/postman.jpg) | The Postman Always Rings Twice | James M. Cain | No Comments. |
| ![Concrete Blonde](/img/library/concrete_blonde.jpg) | Concrete Blonde | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Reversal](/img/library/reversal.jpg) | Reversal | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Fifth Witness](/img/library/fifth_witness.jpg) | The Fifth Witness | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Void Moon](/img/library/void_moon.jpg) | Void Moon | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Black Ice](/img/library/black_ice.jpg) | Black Ice | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Brass Verdict](/img/library/the_brass_verdict.jpg) | The Brass Verdict | Michael Connelly| No Comments. |
| ![The Chamber](/img/library/the_chamber.jpg) | The Chamber | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Beach Road](/img/library/beach_road.jpg) | Beach Road | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![Honeymoon](/img/library/honeymoon.jpg) | Honeymoon | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![6th Target](/img/library/sixth_target.jpg) | 6th Target | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![5th Horseman](/img/library/fifth_horseman.jpg) | 5th Horseman | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![3rd Degree](/img/library/third_degree.jpg) | 3rd Degree | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![4th of July](/img/library/fourth_of_july.jpg) | 4th of July | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![2nd Chance](/img/library/second_chance.jpg) | 2nc Chance | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Bone Collector](/img/library/the_bone_collector.jpg) | The Bone Collector | Jeffrey Deaver | Really good book and a great movie starring Denzel Washington. |
| ![A Time to Kill](/img/library/a_time_to_kill.jpg) | A Time to Kill | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Playing for Pizza](/img/library/playing_for_pizza.jpg) | Playing for Pizza | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Calico Joe](/img/library/calico_joe.jpg) | Calico Joe | John Grisham | Really enjoyed this book. |
| ![The Confession](/img/library/the_confession.jpg) | The Confession | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Appeal](/img/library/the_appeal.jpg) | The Appeal | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Beach House](/img/library/beach_house.jpg) | The Beach House | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![The Last Juror](/img/library/last_juror.jpg) | The Last Juror | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The King of Torts](/img/library/king_of_torts.jpg) | The King of Torts | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![The Broker](/img/library/the_broker.jpg) | The Broker | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Chasing the Dime](/img/library/chasing_the_dime.jpg) | Chasing the Dime | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Black Echo](/img/library/black_echo.jpg) | The Black Echo | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![The Lincoln Lawyer](/img/library/lincoln_lawyer.jpg) | The Lincoln Lawyer | Michael Connelly | No Comments. |
| ![Judge and Jury](/img/library/judge_and_jury.jpg) | Judge and Jury | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![1st to Die](/img/library/first_to_die.jpg) | 1st To Die | James Patterson | No Comments. |
| ![Runaway Jury](/img/library/runaway_jury.jpg) | Runaway Jury | John Grisham | No Comments. |
| ![Treasure Island](/img/library/treasure_island.jpg) | Treasure Island | Robert Louis Stevenson | A classic. |

### Christian Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![The Kremlin Conspiracy](/img/library/kremlin_conspiracy.jpg) | The Kremlin Conspiracy | Joel Rosenberg | Book 1 of the Marcus Ryker Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![Operation Joktan](/img/library/operation_joktan.jpg) | Operation Joktan | Amir Tsarfati | This is the second in the first fiction series by Amir.  I enjoyed this one more than ***"By Way of Deception"*** |
| ![By Way of Deception](/img/library/by_way_of_deception.jpg) | By Way of Deception | Amir Tsarfati | This was Amir's first attempt at a Fiction novel.  It's worth the read and definitely make sure you check out the next book in the series as well. |
| ![Without Warning](/img/library/without_warning.jpg) | Without Warning | Joel Rosenberg | Book 3 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![The First Hostage](/img/library/first_hostage.jpg) | The First Hostage | Joel Rosenberg | Book 2 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![The Third Target](/img/library/third_target.jpg) | The Third Target | Joel Rosenberg | Book 1 of the J.B. Collins Series.  Excellent Book! |
| ![Left Behind](/img/library/left_behind.jpg) | Left Behind | Tim LaHaye | Great fiction book that sheds light on the true reality of what will occur after the Rapture of the church during the seven year tribulation. |
| ![Three](/img/library/three.jpg) | Three | Ted Dekker | No Comments. |


### Science Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Kenobi](/img/library/kenobi.jpg)| Kenobi | John Jackson Miller | Good read, but not my favorite in the **"Star Wars"** series of books.  This one is a bit slower, in my opinion, than some others. |
| ![Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith](/img/library/revenge_of_the_sith.jpg) | Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith | Matthew | Excellent book in the **Star Wars** series. |
| ![Lost Stars](/img/library/lost_stars.jpg) | Lost Stars | Claudia Gray | Excellent book in the **Star Wars** series. |

### General Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Gun for Hire](/img/library/gun_for_hire.jpg) | Gun for Hire: The Soldier of Fortune Killings | Clifford L. Linedecker | This story hit a little close to home. Occurances in this story were regional to my hometown. |

### Christian Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Spiritual Warfare in Marriage](/img/library/spiritual_warfare.jpg) | Spiritual Warfare in Marriage | Bill Stonebraker| Great book for couples who want to keep Jesus at the center of their marriage! |
| ![The Screwtape Letters](/img/library/screwtape.jpg) | The Screwtape Letters | C.S. Lewis| Excellent book that discusses how Demons impact the lives of believers and non-believers alike. |
| ![Mere Christianity](/img/library/mere_christianity.jpg) | Mere Christianity | C.S. Lewis | Great book on the basics of Christianity. |
| ![The Case for Christ](/img/library/case_for_christ.jpg) | The Case for Christ | Lee Strobel | This is a great book about a man who sets out to disprove Christianity and instead becomes a believer. |

### Business Non-Fiction
| Cover | Title | Author | Notes |
| :-----: | :-----: | :-----: | :-----: |
| ![Relentless](/img/library/relentless.jpg) | Relentless: The Power You Need to Never Give Up | John Bevere | No Comments. |
| ![Fish](/img/library/fish.jpg) | Fish: A Proven Way to Boost Morale and Improve Results | Ken Blanchard | No Comments. |
| ![Crucial Conversations](/img/library/crucial_conversations.jpg) | Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes are High | Stephen R. Covey | No Comments. |
| ![Now, Discover Your Strengths](/img/library/now_discover_your_strengths.jpg) | Now, Discover Your Strengths | Marcus Buckingham | No Comments. |
| ![The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership](/img/library/21_laws_of_leadership.jpg) | The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership | John C. Maxwell | No Comments. |
| ![Leadership Challenge](/img/library/leadership_challenge.jpg) | Leadership Challenge | James M. Kouzes | No Comments. |
| ![Strengths Based Leadership](/img/library/strengths_based_leadership.jpg) | Strengths Based Leadership | Tom Rath | No Comments.|
| ![Gung Ho!](/img/library/gung_ho.jpg) | Gung Ho! | Kenneth H. Blanchard | No comments. |
| ![Strengths Finder 2.0](/img/library/strengths_finder.jpg) | Strengths Finder 2.0 | Tom Rath | This was a book that I read as part of my MBA program. |
| ![Onward](/img/library/onward.jpg) | Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul | Howard Schultz | This was an excellent book that I can highly recommend.  I really enjoyed it. |
| ![The World is Flat](/img/library/world_flat.jpg) | The World is Flat | Thomas L. Friedman | This was a book I read for my MBA program about how technology has flattened the landscape of the business world. |
| ![The Five Dysfunctions of a Team](/img/library/5_dysfunctions.jpg) | The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable | Patrick Lencioni | I recall this being a good book that I read for business and also enjoyed. |
| ![Good to Great](/img/library/good_to_great.jpg) | Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap and Others Don't | James C. Collins | No Comments. |
| ![The One Minute Manager](/img/library/one_min_mgr.jpg) | The One Minute Manager | Kenneth H. Blanchard | No Comments. |
| ![The Goal](/img/library/the_goal.jpg) | The Goal | Eliyahu M. Goldratt | This was a book I once had to read for work, but it ended up actually being a very interesteing read.  I would recommend it. |
| ![Who Moved My Cheese](/img/library/who_moved_my_cheese.jpg) | Who Moved My Cheese | Spencer Johnson | A book about how to handle change. |
| ![The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People](/img/library/7_habits.jpg) | The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People | Stephen R. Covey | No comments. |
