content/post/hillbilly-pit-pie.md, before:

---
title: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"
Description: "An amazing Pulled Pork Barbecue Pizza recipe that is a must try!"
date: 2022-04-02T15:16:55-05:00
draft: false
weight: -8

cover:
    image: "/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_cover.webp"
    alt: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"
    caption: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"

tags: ["entrees", "pizza"]
categories: ["recipes"]
---

Let me introduce you to the Hillbilly Pit Pie… That’s right, one of the best specialty pizzas I’ve ever put in my mouth. This pizza is on the menu of one of our local pizza parlors in Elizabethton, TN called [Jiggy Ray’s Pizzeria](https://jiggyrays.com/). If you’ve never been to Jiggy Ray’s and are local or traveling through the area, it is definitely worth a visit. Not only do they have the Hillbilly Pit Pie, but they have a salad bar, other varieties of pizza, and more great food! They also frequently host local talent with live music and Karaoke.  

So, I found a clip online from one of our local CBS Affiliate news programs where someone from Jiggy Ray’s had made the Hillbilly Pit Pie live on the air. This inspired me to attempt making my own version at home and it turned out much better than I had ever anticipated. Of course, they have their secret, signature barbecue sauce and I had to use store bought. They smoke their own pork for hours and I bought mine at Sam’s Club. However, it all turned out just fine in the end! If you love barbecue and you love pizza, you definitely need to make this pizza at home. I think this will be one I make pretty frequently going forward. One note, I really recommend you make the [Pizza Crust](https://bradleyharr.com/perfect-pizza-dough/) recipe that I posted previously on my Blog to use for this pizza. Now to the recipe!  

## Recipe
Prep Time: 10 Min |
Total Time: 30 Min |
Serves: 4  |  

### Ingredients
* Pizza Crust (Store Bought or Homemade)
* Barbecue Sauce
* Pulled Pork
* Mozzarella or White Cheddar Cheese
* Parmesan Cheese
* Bacon  

### Instructions
First you will want to lay out your pizza crust. If you used store bought, then just open the package and you’re ready to roll. If you made pizza crust from scratch, you’ll want to grease a pizza pan and spread the dough out to form the crust.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img1.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Next you will want to spread your desired amount of Barbecue Sauce onto the dough. I used G Hughes Sugar Free in order to cut down on the sugar and carbs.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img2.webp#center" title="" >}}  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img3.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Now it’s time to load it down with Smoked Pulled Pork. I used Member’s Mark Hardwood Smoked Pulled Pork from Sam’s Club and it was excellent.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img4.webp#center" title="" >}}  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img5.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Next we will cover the pizza in both Mozzarella (or White Cheddar) and Parmesan cheese.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img6.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Finally we’re going to add bacon to the top of the cheese to really solidify that pork flavor! Who doesn’t love bacon anyway?  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img7.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Lastly, you’re going to want to preheat your oven and bake this bad boy on 500 degrees for 15 minutes or until your desired level of crispiness is reached and the cheese is just starting to brown.  

And… Voila! The Hillbilly Pit Pie Ladies and Gentlemen! Enjoy!!!  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img8.webp#center" title="" >}}

Commit message:

updating hillbilly pit pie post with the fact that Jiggy Rays is now closed and fixed broken link

content/post/hillbilly-pit-pie.md, after:

---
title: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"
Description: "An amazing Pulled Pork Barbecue Pizza recipe that is a must try!"
date: 2022-04-02T15:16:55-05:00
draft: false
weight: -8

cover:
    image: "/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_cover.webp"
    alt: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"
    caption: "Hillbilly Pit Pie"

tags: ["entrees", "pizza"]
categories: ["recipes"]
---

Let me introduce you to the Hillbilly Pit Pie… That’s right, one of the best specialty pizzas I’ve ever put in my mouth. This pizza was on the menu of one of our local pizza parlors in Elizabethton, TN, called Jiggy Ray's Pizzeria. Sadly, this Pizzeria is now permenantly closed, but will live on in infamy! Not only did they have the Hillbilly Pit Pie, but they had a salad bar, other varieties of pizza, and more great food! They also frequently hosted local talent with live music and Karaoke.  

So, I found a clip online from one of our local CBS Affiliate news programs where someone from Jiggy Ray’s had made the Hillbilly Pit Pie live on the air. This inspired me to attempt making my own version at home and it turned out much better than I had ever anticipated. Of course, they have their secret, signature barbecue sauce and I had to use store bought. They smoke their own pork for hours and I bought mine at Sam’s Club. However, it all turned out just fine in the end! If you love barbecue and you love pizza, you definitely need to make this pizza at home. I think this will be one I make pretty frequently going forward. One note, I really recommend you make the [Pizza Crust](https://bradleyharr.com/post/perfect-pizza-dough/) recipe that I posted previously on my Blog to use for this pizza. Now to the recipe!  

## Recipe
Prep Time: 10 Min |
Total Time: 30 Min |
Serves: 4  |  

### Ingredients
* Pizza Crust (Store Bought or Homemade)
* Barbecue Sauce
* Pulled Pork
* Mozzarella or White Cheddar Cheese
* Parmesan Cheese
* Bacon  

### Instructions
First you will want to lay out your pizza crust. If you used store bought, then just open the package and you’re ready to roll. If you made pizza crust from scratch, you’ll want to grease a pizza pan and spread the dough out to form the crust.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img1.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Next you will want to spread your desired amount of Barbecue Sauce onto the dough. I used G Hughes Sugar Free in order to cut down on the sugar and carbs.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img2.webp#center" title="" >}}  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img3.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Now it’s time to load it down with Smoked Pulled Pork. I used Member’s Mark Hardwood Smoked Pulled Pork from Sam’s Club and it was excellent.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img4.webp#center" title="" >}}  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img5.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Next we will cover the pizza in both Mozzarella (or White Cheddar) and Parmesan cheese.  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img6.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Finally we’re going to add bacon to the top of the cheese to really solidify that pork flavor! Who doesn’t love bacon anyway?  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img7.webp#center" title="" >}}  

Lastly, you’re going to want to preheat your oven and bake this bad boy on 500 degrees for 15 minutes or until your desired level of crispiness is reached and the cheese is just starting to brown.  

And… Voila! The Hillbilly Pit Pie Ladies and Gentlemen! Enjoy!!!  

{{< figure src="/img/blog/2022_04_02_hillbilly_pit_pie/hillbilly_pit_pie_img8.webp#center" title="" >}}
